Russia will be completely
migrant-Muslim.  It’s like
this, like these Londons, like, uh, America,
yes, the Anglo-Saxons deliberately
mix different peoples so that there is
no autochthonous national
unity.
Hello.  Hello.  Where are you from?
Moscow.  How do you communicate, Moskvich?
But I see that I can talk to you about
what you represent, I see that
you represent Ukraine.  No
no.  Who or what?  I represent
Moldova, I just support Ukraine.
Ah, well, I see.  You are supporting well,
I see the flag is big.  How many?  How much do you
talk about?
I can support something
if I am competent in this
matter.  Flag 225 x 150 mm.
Yes.
Great.  Well, did you buy it or order it?
Well, I ordered the print according to the sizes
.
Well, that's how it looks, of course,
officially.  Very formal.  Yes, I
love
officials.  Well, let's talk,
ask a question.  Why do you think
Russia is at war with
Ukraine?  Ukraine itself is to blame for
Russia getting drawn into this.  No, well that's
understandable.  Why is he fighting?
For what?  Why not?  Probably yes.
This is probably right.  No, you're
welcome.  Why?
Why?
Because that's probably what Russia needs,
right?  Not everyone fights.
You're probably a little bit... Let's put it this way.  Since
what year has this all been going on?
Since what year?  Officially, since the twenty-
second.  We're not talking about official stuff.  We
really Since what year have all these problems been going on
?
Problems since ninety-one.  No, since the
collapse of the USSR.  No.  Since 1917, since the collapse of the
Russian Empire, because
yeah.  Yeah, listen, I got interrupted.  You will
agree, yes, that the problems of
1991, yes, this is an echo of the problems of
1917, when, as a result of the First
World War, the central government in Russia weakened
and the
revolutionary movement strengthened.  In February of
1917 there was the so-called
February Maidan, led by Kerinsky.   This is the
temporary government, when the
tsar was overthrown, he abdicated the throne and so
on.  Then, six months later, in October, the
terrorists who had been hiding out in the
Western
Anglo-Saxon countries arrived
in a sealed train car and entered
Switzerland.  Deer, yes.  These
left sector people arrived, yes, he rode in an armored car
and created the October
Maidan of 1917.  They overthrew the provisional
government, then shot the tsar,
carried out a bloody terror, dismembered,
lost Finland, lost Poland,
everything that was part of the Russian Empire.
Then Lenin came along and started to come up with
these fantasies of his own.  He began to invent
Ukraine, Belarus, Kazakhstan, and Estonia on the territory of the Russian Empire.   There
were no such countries before, right?
Where was Belarus?  Uberni.  No, I
was in Finland.  No, well, that's all in Finland
, Finland has separated.  I say,
Lenin started to invent in the USSR, there is
Belarus.  There was no such country,
right?  He gave the country, as they say, his
life to the people.  No, the thing is that
look, Lenin came up with the idea that our
triune people existed.  Russians, Ukrainians,
Belarusians, we are Slavs, right?  Lenin specifically came up with the idea of
separating three
fraternal peoples, that there
are Russians separately, Belarusians separately, and
Ukrainians separately.  Yes, Lenin is one
of those people who simply hammered a
nail into the coffin of the Russian Empire, a
great power that has been going on since the time of the
Ruriks, and
laid, let's say, the foundation for all these
conflicts.
This is later, yes, we were all in one
state, and then Crimea starts, hop, they
transfer it from the Ukrainian SSR to the Russian SFSR, from the Russian Federation to the
Ural SSR, yes, all this incomprehensible mumbo jumbo.
Who did this and why?  The communists,
specifically in order to control
the population, divided us.  There were 15
fraternal Slavic peoples.  We
all fought against Hitler.  Yes, Kazakhs,
Ukrainians, Estonians, Russians, yes, everyone.
We were 15 Slavic republics in the Soviet
Union and lived in
harmony, but they drew
borders for us.  What was the idea behind this?  So that
later, yes, we would begin to live separately
from the Russians, from the Belarusians, from the Kazakhs, from the
Estonians.  And then in ninety-one,
out comes drunk Yeltsin and that
deprived, like him, Stavropol,
Gorbachev.
Eighty-nine year.  Gorbachev
says: "We are tearing down the Berlin Wall and
withdrawing troops from East Germany."
NATO is like:
"Ah, Gorbachev is like: "Let's
withdraw our troops from the
Warsaw Pact countries altogether.  Poland, Hungary,
Czechoslovakia, he took away." What did NATO do?
Of course, a holy place is never empty.
What did NATO do? It took it,
ran and ran into Poland,
Czechoslovakia, Hungary, and now it won't leave
. What do Gorbachev and Yeltsin do next
? They take it and destroy the
Soviet Union. Do you really believe that
some people in the republics
could just declare independence?
If there was political will,
Moscow's special forces would fly in, like in Prague, in
Prague in 1968. Why did
they fly in, take the oak tree, bring it to
Moscow, bring tanks to Prague and that's it. And
why didn't they bring tanks to Kyiv in
1991? Why didn't they bring them to Tbilisi? They
only tried it in Vilnius, yes,
a little.
It was a deliberate surrender of the
Soviet Union to the Anglo-Saxon countries
. Your Gorbachev and Yeltsin  traitors of
our Slavic
people. Gorbachev, I don't know why they
bought him, how he traveled, they recruited him somewhere
and that's it, he went down the drain. And
Yeltsin was simply kept around, they
kept all these American advisers around him
.  After 1991, you
stuffed all these American
agents into Yeltsin’s administration.  Well, I think you won't deny it.   The
Americans wrote the Constitution for you, the
Americans brought you Bush's legs, the
Americans immediately opened the companies, the
Americans controlled the banks.  Yours is Nabiullina,
who is now also a creature of the
Anglo-Saxons, who made a key role for you.  The
Anglo-Saxons have a key rate of
2%, and you have
22. That's it, no one will
take out a mortgage now.  And this, unfortunately, all this
drags on.  Lenin killed the legitimate Tsar
Romanov.  There was order.  No,
damn, they came up with some kind of elections,
democracy and so
on.  That was clear.  There is a king,
his son was born, that’s it, he too
will be a king.  not born, who is further along the
second line, something remains Rem.  And
now Navalny starts
putting forward some candidate, he
puts forward another candidate, everyone wants to stir things up,
stir things up and that’s it.  And ninety-first
year.  And what did the Americans do after the
collapse of the Soviet Union?  They entered it immediately.
They not only brought their administration to Russia
, but also to Ukraine, Estonia,
Latvia, and all the post-Soviet
countries had
American creatures in their leadership.  In our country, they
generally put Americans in charge of Yushchenko.
Zelensky, who is he now?  Also not
Ukrainian, not Slav.  You also
had this Putin, then Mendeleev, what the
hell is he, Medvedev.  Medvedev, he is
Mendel by this birth.  And that's it, they
just set it to manage.  And what's the
trick?  This is not a war between Russia and Ukraine.
It is the Anglo-Saxons, through the hands of the governments
they installed in these countries, who are
destroying the Slavic people.  Because
you know that the Anglo-Saxons
could never defeat the Slavs.  Who hasn't
come here?  Hitler,
Napoleon, there was Genghis Khan, Chingachgook, everyone,
in short, got a punch in the teeth and
all left.  And so the British, they
controlled everything on the seas.  All the seas
swam, but they could not reach the depths here
.  But their plan to separate the
Slavic peoples and set them against each
other is working.  Why?
Because there is a concept of the golden billion, do you
know it?
Yes, I know.  Dals.  Yes, yes.  Dalis Plan,
Belbeder Club.  What are they saying?
So, the planet's population is overpopulated.
Global warming is currently underway.  The
glaciers are melting.  Because of this, over the next 20
years, the world ocean level
is predicted to rise by up to 1
m. As a result, most of the
most populous cities on the planet,
where are they located?  On the coasts,
because they were port cities and so
on, right?  They become unfit
for life.  The demographic
situation is changing, it turns out that a new
global migration of peoples is changing, right?  And
what are they doing now?  Look, they are clearing
this area with fertile
black soil.  The Germans also exported
black soil from the occupied territories to
Germany in these wagons.  They collected
black soil and took it away.  They want to clear our
black earth territories of Ukraine and Russia of
Slavs.  Who are they bringing
to Russia now?
Migrants.  Migrants.  Tajiks and all sorts
there.  I don’t even know how many different
peoples there are.  Yes.  I watched the video Moscow and St.
Petersburg.  This is Quran Bayram or
Uraza Bayram.  There are just a bunch of aggressive
men like that.  Yes.  They were brought in.
What?  Because at moment X they will make the
so-called black Maidan, like a
color revolution, yes, but the
Russian liberals failed, in
the swamp of 2010 they made the Anglo-Saxons
make a revolution for them.  It didn't
work.  Well, they have a thin gut.  And
the concept of the Black Maidan emerged.  Maybe you
remember in this in America this BLM type of
black lives matter, that there like
this concept is being prepared so simply in
America there were already many of them, but in Russia not
so, because they also mostly lived
there in the Caucasus somewhere and so on.
Now look at the cities, you are from Moscow
Kolomna, you have the Moscow region, it’s just that
in the clinics there are Tajik doctors, in the
police there are some Tajiks, Armenians,
Azerbaijanis.
KGB, FSB too.  That is, it is
already quite problematic to meet a Russian there
.  Well, you must admit that your
migrants don’t just come to
work as janitors now; they are in all
management structures.
Well, not in all of them yet.  Well, in many
governance structures, yes.  And the most
interesting thing is that they are all armed.  Every
migrant has some kind of gun, at least it’s
nothing.  They do everything for themselves, they
formalize these diasporas.
They call diasporas something like cultural
circles.  It seems like they are going to study the
Tajik language there, right?  And these are OPGs,
organized crime groups.
Because if you have an argument with some
Tajik, yes, none of your
neighbors will come out for you, but 20 brothers with bats will run out for him
and send
you to intensive care.  How many things like this have there been already?
We are now a Russian
community.  The Russian community, yes, we saw it, it is the
Russian community.  there was hope that
now she, well, what is she, she is running around,
chasing some small fry there, but
in reality, what the Russian community achieved, it
only chased the gypsies, yes, that was it.  And
the rest, what did she do?
Nothing yet.  Here she is growing, she is at a stage of
development.  D 2 years already and so on.  I
don’t remember, but in Saratov the Russian community
organized these Russian dances.  The men
there were dancing in a squat position.
When Caucasians dance the lizginka on Red Square
, everyone is afraid.  When
Russians do the squat
dance, they're so fat, it's
funny.  The point is,
what kind of sports do all migrant children play?   There is
wrestling there, because it’s wrestling, boxing, mm, and that’s all.
Russians, when they play the violin,
mom gives it to them.
A football shirt is the maximum.
You saw how many there,
somewhere in Moscow, in a school, yes, that two of
these migrants beat up a Russian schoolboy.
Well, yes, not just one isolated case, there are
, yes, many, many more.  And all this is
no longer an accident.  This is all an
Anglo-Saxon plan.  This is
Dalis' plan for the golden billion.  They replace the
indigenous Slavic population.  Russian
men are being sent to fight in Ukraine
en masse, en masse from Slavic regions,
and then they are being replaced by: "Oh, there isn't
enough labor force, come on, we need
migrants."  That is, if you don’t
have enough labor, then why are you
taking this labor force into the assaults on the plantings,
like meat?  They are dying there in industrial
quantities and in their places:
"Oh, we don't have enough migrants,
let's take them."  These migrants
come and impregnate Natashas
whose husbands died in the
North-Eastern Military District.
It is legalized because there are
documents, Natasha is impregnated, that’s it, the
registry office gives some 10,000
rubles.  and they quickly get this
certificate and
legalize it.  In 22,
only in 22,
half a million citizens of Tajikistan received
Russian citizenship.  Half a million in the
twenty-second year of
Tajik alone.  They all received citizenship.
It can't
be taken back.  So how many children do you have?
One.  One.  And how much do migrants have?
Well, at least three.
Three.  This means how old is
your child?   It
will be 20.  How much
will it be?  20. Ah, well that's already older.  Does
he have children?
No, not yet.  He is not married yet.
Look, you have one child, he is 20
years old.  At 20 years old, the migrant is already married.
At 20 years old, he already has two children.  Yes.
When he's thirty, he
'll have four or five, and your son
will just be somewhere out there thinking about how to
get married and so on.  That is, in
10-15 years Russia will be completely
migrant-Muslim.  It’s like
this, like these Londons, like
America, yes, the Anglo-Saxons deliberately
mix different peoples so that there is
no autochthonous national
unity.  Eight.  And now it’s funny, yes,
when these Tajiks stand and sing “
Mother Earth” and they turn on “Mother Earth” for them at school, like
there’s a white birch tree and threads laughing.
Like, they don’t even sing, for them it’s
like a birch tree, they’re Tajiks.  They came
here, they don’t consider themselves Russians, they
consider themselves Tajiks, masters of
life.  How do they behave?  You can also
try via phone.  They do
n't behave like guests.
And the most offensive thing is that
we, Ukrainians, thought, yes, that Putin,
how insolently he spoke to the Anglo-Saxon.  We
thought he was playing some kind of music
, and that his
wife was listening to it and was disturbing him.  Ah, I see.  And
let Tisha do a little bit, if
possible.  Ask.  I'll do it for you.
Turn it down.  He says, “Make it quieter.”
Still not quieter.  Yes.
And it turns out, as we in Ukraine thought:
“That’s it, Putin, here’s the Munich speech,
now, in short, he will force the Anglo-Saxons to
respect the Slavs.”  Then we look at Kal, we
think: "That's it, now Putin will make a decision
, in short, a strike like on Berlin,
tank wedges through Lomanche, like a strike on the
hazelnut tree, like three hazelnut trees would have been enough
to put the Anglo-Saxons in their
place. Berlin, the hazelnut tree, London and
Washington. That's it. Everyone would have calmed down. But
instead of banging on the
Anglo-Saxons, he attacked us, the Slavs. We
in Ukraine, we really had
the sentiment that if Putin started a
liberation movement to the West, yes, and
that's it, our entire people would rise up, overthrow
this American
government top brass, yes, and we would also
go like our grandfathers in forty-fifth. And here
Putin, instead of attacking the
Germans, the
British, the Americans, attacks
Ukraine, and the Russian-speaking regions at that
. I am a
Russian speaker, I grew up in Mariupol myself.
I never spoke Ukrainian at all
. We always
spoke Russian. And he
These Chechens, Akhmat, take
our Mariupol.
And we are like,
I had a friend Sanya Prokhorov, he died in
Mariupol, a
Russian guy.
He came out with a Russian flag when we were under
occupation.  Back then there were still battles with the Russian
flag, yes, Tadyrov's men shot it.   They
just shot him, took his clothes, and so
on and that's it.  And they got nothing for
it.
They took out our Mariupol.  And those Russian
people who were there, who thought that
now there would be a restoration of three
Slavic peoples, and we would go
to Berlin together, it would be
simple.  Now everyone is like: "Oh, what's
going on? The Anglo-Saxons are
helping us, and Russia is bombing us."  And as I
explain to people, look, we always
fought against the Anglo-Saxons together.
Grandfathers in forty-fifth.  My grandfather
reached Berlin
for a restart.  He was unlucky enough to hang
the flag.  There were a lot of people who wanted to.  But he
went to Berlin, took part in the storming of Berlin
, was wounded in
Berlin.  And I thought we would go too, we
were ready, but Putin just goes and starts shelling our
cities.  And people like that,
and now even those who want to, I want to
say that we are a triune people, they do
n’t understand me.  They beat my face in the street.  I
was buying strawberries at the market there
last year, and I said that our
enemies are the Anglo-Saxons, not
Putin.  They
just gave me a grandma who flew in and hit me with a stick,
some guy,
people were talking in the table.  Where is this, in what
city, Khmelnitsky?  I have
now moved from Mariupol to Khmelnitsky.  This is
not Western
Ukraine, this is central Ukraine.
At the market, a policeman comes, I
say: "Help, help."  They
say: "He said something like this, that you
need to be friends with Putin."   The
policeman took a report on me,
drew up a paper, they took me to a van
, and of course, back there in 1921, when
we had literary evenings in our city,
Pushkin, Dostoevsky, Lermontov, I
read Pushkin to the children.  The library
invited me because I
graduated from the literature department.
We are taking apart the Lukomorye, remember this
green oak tree near the Lukomorye, a golden chain on that
oak tree.  Day and night the learned cat still
walks along the chain.  Oh, this is such a
Russian syllable, damn.  And now I
speak Russian with you, but on the street I
have to try to speak in the local language
,
because people don’t understand.  They say: "
Why do you speak
Russian? There was nothing like this in 1921 either
."
Because the missiles weren't flying at us.  We
could preach
Russian culture, that we are a single people of
Slavophilism.  And how, how will I tell my
grandmother, yes, whose rocket flew in
and
demolished half the house and killed her granddaughter.  How can I tell her,
Putin, that we must unite against the
Germans, if she says: “Look, the Germans are
giving us help, and Putin is giving us missiles.”  Well
, how can I explain it?  How do you
advise?
Well, I think, most likely, the
Slavs need to unite,
right?  So,
I guess you can hear me, right?  Yes.
Not only here, as you say,
yes, but also
Poland,
Bulgaria and all these republics, where there is a
large majority of
Slavic ethnicity, yes, they should
join and create a single,
powerful, strong state.  So,
look, the thing is that the Bulgarians, yes, I have
friends in Bulgaria, in
Poland, they used to treat us like that, but
now they say that these weapons
factories have opened in Bulgaria, they are working in Ukraine.  And
it turns out that Ukraine, a Slavic
state, united with the Bulgarians, with the
Poles, with the Czechs, yes, against Russia.
That is, it turns out that the Slavic union is
against Russia, and Russia and Bulgaria
alone tell me: “Russia is not a
Slavic country.”  I say, Slavic,
these are our Slavic brothers.  He says:
"Look, there's the media personality
Kadyrov, this,
uh, Yevkurov in the Ministry of Defense, like
Inuzbek from
Ingushetia. Well, that's understandable. Shaigu was generally
like, well, some kind of Genghis Khan or
something, I don't even know what he's
called, this one with these deer."  And that's all.
They tell me: "What Slavs?
Look."
Well, as we say, Russia is
multinational, right?
Stalin was also in Roi, right?  So,
Bulgaria and the Poles say: "Look,
Russia is a country of migrants. We don't
need that. We want to be Slavic
peoples."  Here are Ukrainians, Poles,
Slavs, come, he says,
these Tajiks are from Russia now.  What?  What?  Look,
this Mariupol is occupied, right?
Mariupol, Donetsk, Lugansk.
They come there, they have already brought Tajiks,
all sorts of Uzbeks, Chuchmeks, whoever.   The
Chechens are already getting there.  Eh, I
was talking to the guys from Donetsk, they all,
he says, up until 2014 there
was a local gang there, right?  Until
2022, she was also a local.
That's all since 22nd year.  These bearded
men from the Caucasus without moustaches took over all the
markets, all the stores for themselves.  DPR, LPR.
In Mariupol, everything is the same.  They
control everything.  They grope girls there
too.  The girl, she was talking from
Lugansk, says: "Yeah, like, I left for
Krasnodar, because it's
impossible to live in Lugansk if you don't have a
man, in short, those bearded guys on the street
will love you."  In short, it's brutal.  And how, like the
Poles and Bulgarians, he says,
unite with this?  When this was
forming, when there was the Russian
Empire, the Orthodox Tsar, the Tsar was
Moscow, the third Rome.  the fourth is not given,
that's what they said, right?  He was German.
Well, he was Orthodox, but he
was still a German and a European.
Well now in Germany it is, as you
say, NATO.
O. And now what?
Horde.  And the Poles say: “Listen, we did
n’t defeat the Mongols at Legnica so that now these
Chingizids would come to us again.”  And
what will you tell them?  And that's all.
Well, that’s what I’m saying: we need a
city-forming people - the
Slavs.  In this city-
forming state, other, as they
say, peoples will live without
problems, without oppression, as they say, not
like those Indians there in America
or the
blacks brought to Europe.  That is, we
need to be friends together.   the
city-forming people will be the Slavs,
right?  Let it not be in Moscow, yes, this
capital, let it be somewhere in Poland
, yes, or in Ukraine, in
Bulgaria, it doesn’t matter, yes.  Well, I’m
saying, look, yes, before there was Kievan
Rus, yes, the center was in Kyiv, it
was logically there, right there in the
center, yes, but now it turns out that they
moved you there, in short, you
weren’t in Russia at all.  Although there was
Petrograd, yes, although it
was a normal Slavic city, yes, but now Moscow is
completely incomprehensible.  And the Pole
says to me: "Why should I unite with
Russia if Russia's friends are
China, North Korea and Iran? All non-
Slavic
peoples."  These are real allies.  Allies of
Russia, right?  Who is it?  Call it
North Korea, China and Iran.   There
used to be the Warsaw Pact.  That's how it used to be
.  All.  They say it
was like that before, but now it
can be brought back.  Right.  So, how to
return?  How can you return it if you are already
friends with the Chinese, with the Koreans and with
these Iranians, Persians?  Well, why
not make friends with them?  Why
weren't you and Ami friends against the Slavs?
Germany was friends.  Persians, wait, stop,
stop, stop, no need.  Per, Iran is
Persians.  The Persians have always been against the Slavs.
Since the time of King Darius, when he
invaded the Dnieper region here against our
ancestors, the
Scythians.  It's not them.  These Persians,
they always wanted our fertile
lands.  They came like a horde from there,
from all these steppes.  To hell with them.
Well, so you, as you say, Europe,
America, come here too,
right?  Then who doesn't want to come here?  Then everyone
wants it, not just China and all these
former Persians.  Right?  So, we need to
defend ourselves or be friends.  It's better to be friends,
I think, than to defend yourself.  Yes.  Well,
look, if I was there, I was in
Poland, I come to Warsaw, all the
white people are walking around there.  I come to Poznan,
white people, in love, white people.
How can you tell a person from Warsaw that we
should unite with Russia if he
watches a video of St. Petersburg, there are
a lot of people there?  He says: "These are not
Slavs. Why should I unite so that
they can travel without visas?"  There are also a
lot of Arabs in Europe.  And in Poland it
is correct.  Right.
That's why Poland doesn't unite
with the Saxons, for example.  She keeps to herself
.
But these Arabs have a different opinion.  They go
wherever they
want.  The road to Europe is open to them everywhere.  And what
’s more, look, uh, a friend
from the Czech Republic says, yes, uh, I saw
the news that Ramzan Kadyrov allocated,
in short, money from the budget to
build houses in Russia for refugees from
Palestine.  Have you seen it?  I heard.  Yes, I saw it.
And he's like, "Wait, in Russia there are a lot of
Slavic children living in wooden
barracks. All sorts: Arkhangelsk, Tomsk,
Yakutsk and so on. Yes, even in the
Moscow region there are some, where children
live in villages simply, well, in beggarly
conditions. Why are
houses built from the Russian budget not for Slavic children,
but for children from some
Palestine? And they are not Slavs at all, not
connected to us in any way?
It is clear that they get something
from this. We may not understand, this
can be for us ordinary people, as they say, from
Ryazan, what can you take there, yes, potatoes,
but on the other hand, you
can take something from a foreigner, if you treat the
same people who came from there well.
Well, look, that's the thing. Who are
these Palestinians? Yes, they are taken, they are
not Slavs. They are taken by all these
bearded Chingazhuks of yours, this Akhmat
Lakhmat,  Yes, they are settling. And they, Palestinians with
combat experience, are
settling there in Chechnya, Dagestan, and
so on. Tomorrow they are given weapons,
then they have no problem with it, whether to cut
Jews or cut Slavs.  For them it's
Allah bam and that's
it.  Kadyrov, look, remember
Dzhakhar Dudayev.  there was also an Anglo-Saxon
theme.  Who was he?  Just a Soviet
aviation general.  Then, bam, that's it, here's the
leader of Chechnya, independence.  What are
they doing with Kadir now?  He is also a
general now.  Moreover, when
Chechnya left Echkeri in 1990-91,
they had no weapons, nothing.
Yes, now that Kadyrov, when the
Anglo-Saxon, his curators give him a
command, his armed army is
pumped up.  Have you seen?  Shows the
Akhmat regiment standing in Grozny.  He says: "I keep
something like 20,000 fighters here, yes, all of them are
equipped, all cars,
yes, the guys in the SVO don't have a
normal car, they take them on donkeys and transport them. I
saw this joke on donkeys there."  Well, yes,
yes.  Yes.  And Kadyrov's men are like all the old ladies are
arming themselves.  So why?  Because
later, when they create Ichkeria, Jamad,
Shamat, yes, they will no longer be the same as those
who were in the nineties, militants
with just Kalashnikovs.  They already have air defense there,
they already have instructors who
have gone through it, yes, and so on.  This one,
Dzhambetov, maybe you know, fought in Ukraine
.  His call sign, the
Chechens, is Bandera.   The bearded guy
, Dzhambetov, in short,
was shooting, shouting, there was death.  That's it, now
he's back in Chechnya and they've received him normally
.  That is, he killed Russians in the
North-Eastern Front from the Ukrainian side, came and lives
in Chechnya, and holds
some kind of post there.  How
so?  And what did they do to Prigozhin, the Russian man
?
Well, that's it, they killed him.  No.
So, of all the Russian leaders, can you
now name some Russian
military leader?
Military.  But there were Lebedevs before.  Yes.  Not
alive.  Lebedev is also Lebedeva, right?
A helicopter or something seemed to have crashed.   Is
it true?
Well, I can't say to what extent.  Here.  That
is, he was good-looking.  Well, that's it.  Let's
say the Russian military leader
Prigozhen.  That's it, now everyone who others are
holding is either Gerasimov with a
face, or some no-names who are
there. And from the non-Russians, let's have everything.  Polkmat
Kadyrov, the face of the SVO.
Well, are you leaning towards the idea that we need a
revolution or a Maidan?  No, no, I’m
getting to the point that in Russia, yes, in
Russia, the Anglo-Saxons are preparing a coup and are
preparing to seize power, take over
control, yes, of non-Slavic
ethnic groups.  And you say that there are
no Slavs there anymore.  This means that it has already
happened, in your opinion.  Why
capture?  In many cities,
this has happened, yes, in many cities there is already a
takeover of power, yes.
Many don't have it yet.  And
therefore the final solution to the Russian
question, yes, in Russia will be very
tough.  You could say
the same nonsense is happening in Ukraine, right?  If
America and Europe give away
lethal weapons, then Ukraine has to pay for it
, right?  Yes.
So, look, we, Look, the thing is,
look, no one is giving anything to Ukraine.
It's all a myth.  We have been since
1991, when your Yeltsin and
Gorbachev sold us out to the Americans.
Everything here is American, it’s fictitious.
We don’t have anything of our own, no National Bank,
nothing.  These are all, in essence, branches of the United States.
This circus, like,
Trump is signing negotiations there, all this is being done to
distract Russia and for some kind of
negotiations with Europe.  Everything here is American,
look.  The American
Embassy, ​​yes, appointed its ministers.   The
American embassy appointed its own
deputies.  Everything here is American.
Well, your elected president is
Zelensky, and there were some before him too.
Stop, you're from Russia, do you believe in elections?
Well, it’s like you say that this is our
elected president.  No, I'm not
saying that.  Stop.  Hello.  Hello.  Look,
wait.   We
don't need fairy tales about democracy from these people.
People came out and chose a president.  Do
n't you know how to do this?  For the pleus,
special technologies, yes, they allow, I
can guess, I can guess,
yes, they allow the right people, yes, they do, they
shoot a movie, how the
candidate rides a bicycle, he is the Servant of the People there, they
did everything.  It’s the same in Russia, everything is
like some Navalny wanted something or other
.  No, Putin
shot that one there, left that one and that’s it.
Nemtsov was killed.  That is, you went to the
elections.  Well, were you in Russia for the elections?
Well, it was a long time ago.  Well, you understand
that all these democracies used to be
monarchies, then all these Lenins,
all these Masons, they came up with it
because they couldn’t be
rulers, because they weren’t
aristocrats.  They needed to come up with a
system for seizing control, yes,
they came up with this
democracy for the people, they said: “You are now
non-subjects, you are citizens and you can
vote.”
But in the Soviet Union only the party
nominated candidates, right?  And people
essentially asserted it.  And so it is there, look, in
Britain the queen was and the king is still the same
.  They just give them a mayor, oh, not a mayor,
this prime minister.  Here's your prime minister,
people, he's a bad one.  They replaced their
prime minister.  They changed the taxes there,
changed them, changed them.  Johnson Starmer
was there some other Indian there or something.  And the
king and queen
are sitting there in the morning, drinking
wine from the Westmere bast and laughing
at these people.  Yes.
And your idea, well,
what you said, yes, of the future, what
you said, what
can be understood from this, you are clear, but what will be
built in place of what is?
Well, I only see one thing, that in order for
some Slavic
state to reassemble, yes, Russia needs to
fall apart into different territories, so that
these non-Slavic
elements, all these Tatarstans,
Dagestans, Chechnyas, Sakhas and so on, would separate from it, yes.
Here is the core that remains, as it was in the times of
Rus, so there was Rus Muscovy,
right?  Moscow is not Rus'.
Rus' was there, not only Muscovy was there.
Moscow Moscow in general during the times of Rus' was
small, everything there was.  That is,
this was Zalesia, there was Ryazan region,
Yaroslavl region, Suzdal region, some
Tver, Perm and so on.  This is the
maximum for the Urals, the maximum for the Volga.  And
that’s where all these
Khazars, Tatars and so on began.  Yes.
But then Ukraine will also have to
separate Western Ukraine.  And where are the majority of
Slavs?  Well, western, well, there, look,
there, uh, in the western, in the West of Ukraine
there.  Nope, not Moldovan.  Moldovans.   There
are only Moldovans in the Chernovidsky
region and a few Hungarians in the Zakarpattia region
.  But the Hungarians are not Slavs.  Yes,
look, Hungarians are not Slavs.  So, the
Hungarians, they just came from the Ural
Mountains.  Here the Slavic Union must
clearly tell the Hungarians that they must get out
of Transcarpathia, from the
original Slavic territories.  And so the runes were
also told: “Look, these are Slavic
lands, you don’t lay claim to them, but we
can do this when we
unite within the borders of the former Rus without all these people
and so on.”  There is
no other way.  Otherwise, the point is that this
Rus' was strong until the
Horde came, these Mongols and so on and so forth
.  And now this Horde, in essence, the
Russian Federation is essentially a
continuation of the Horde.  Like, both Rus and not
Rus, and the Slavs here are already some kind of Tatars,
Tugars are snakes, in short, and so on.  So,
you watched the cartoon about Lesha Popovich and
Tugarin the snake, right?  Look at the
cartoon, everything is shown there, right?
So these Basurumans like Rus and what
happens?
Well, the split of Russia is very bad.  Also,
if in Ukraine they tell the same
Hungarians: “Go away, these are original
Slavic lands.”  This will already be a
provocation for some kind of interethnic
conflict, because it will say: “Why
should we leave if we were
born here.”  Right.  Look at this
provocation.  Look, eh, the right of might,
yes, if we Slavs all unite.
Hungarians only have something there, in short, 10 million
or 5 million, that's just [ __ ], right?
And in Transcarpathia there are generally a couple of
tens of thousands of them living there.  Say, look
how comrade Stalin did it, right?  Operation
Hangman.  He resettled Ukrainians from Poland here
, Poles from Ukraine there.  All.
So.  And then tell the Hungarians: "Look,
behind your Hungarian curb and that's it."
24 hours and the problem is solved.  Trump also
says the same thing with Palestine: “Look, let’s
resettle all the Palestinians somewhere in
Egypt, in short, in Jordan, somewhere
else.”  So here
it turns out to be like this very deportation,
right?  It turns out so, right?  Well, that's how it is.  So,
look, international law no longer
applies.  That's it, everyone already understands that
this UN doesn't give a damn.  What, what will he
do?  He will say: "Well, we
sympathize with the Hungarians, we offer condolences, we express
support there. Well, who knows how
they are there in America, yes, it loves it. You are
not breeding democracy, you are breeding God
knows what. Look, when we are
weak now, if we unite with these
remnants of Russia, which will fall away
after you throw away these
Kazakhstans, oh, these
Tatarstans, Dagestans, Chechnya, yes, uh,
we will have nuclear weapons in the Slavic
Union. What will America
tell us? Let's say we have a
hazel grove. One hazel grove. Just don't
need to go after Washington, right? You can take
Budapest. These are the Hungarians, yes. They are
not Slavs at all, they came from somewhere like the
Ural Mountains. Well, by the way, the
Hungarians have peoples close to them - the Khanty and
Mansi by
language. That's it. Hungarian 224
san according to Budapest  nut No, two. There
need to be two nut trees, because Budapest
is divided by this Danube into Buda and Pest.
Yes, it needs to be in Buda and Pest. That's it, so that it's on
both sides, yes, and that's
it. Two nut trees. That's as many as there are
cameras in the future, the whole world will immediately understand.  this guy
like him, Orban, has already gotten on everyone's
nerves there, in short, the Union will say:
"Take these Hungarians for yourselves and that's
it."  And there are also a lot of Tatars in Crimea, right?
They consider it their homeland.  So, they are
deported, yes, to another country
.  No, Crimea, Crimea in general should be given to
Turkey.  Crimea is all these
Crimeas, in short, these are all these Turkic
lands, these Polovtsians, Pechenegs lived there
since ancient times, we don’t need it at all.  This is
not a Slavic land.  All.  So China
turns out to be the entire Far East, right?  Yes.
Well, yes, yes.  Look, the thing is that the
Far East, all these Port
Arthurs, Vladivostoks,
Blagoveshchensky, yes, they are doomed.  The point is
that the Slavs will be able to hold this
territory.  Even during the times of Tsarist
Russia, yes, when, say, China,
Japan, they technically lagged behind
European civilization.  The king
paved the way there, they drove a lot of
people there, built fortresses, yes, there was a
fleet there, everything.  Now look at the
population of the entire Primorsky Krai.
Well, small.  Very small.  Yes.  There's
a city in China called Harbin, right?
There they will enter on foot and
trample
everyone.  A billion Chinese is just a billion.   So
you want, and it turns out, from
all the problems, from all the problems, yes, from
Russia and leave only the non-problematic
lands.  Yes.  The thing is, look, the
Slavs, as if they were some kind of tsar
, they took the Slavs from the Slavic
lands and scattered them there near China,
Kazakhstan, on virgin lands.  This is how
the Slavs were dispersed.  That's why they will call it
Yeltsinko said.  We are Russians, he
said the truth.  Oh, they specifically
emphasized us, we are Russians.  We are
absent-minded.  So what now?  Will the Slavs
who live in Vladivostok come to the
aid of the Slavs in Transcarpathia against the
Hungarians?  No.  By the time they get there, everything will already be
over.  Why
are there Far Eastern troops?  They, because if they
leave, that’s it, Japan and China will start to
carve up these lands.  Manjuri,
they have been fighting among themselves there since time immemorial
.  Do you remember this movie from your childhood
called Hongeldon?
No, there's this Korean guy Hongeldong, right?
Ah, ah, I get it, I get it.  Here.  And there were these
Japanese ninjas, they attacked them.  And
these Japanese ninjas, all of them, they are waiting.
They are waiting for these Slavic lands
to return it.  They consider it
their own.  Sakhalin in
1945, the
Japanese prefecture, something like that, took away half of Sakhalin.
Well, you know, I don’t agree with you
that Russia should have scattered
lands, yes, even if, let’s say, these are
some kind of ancestral lands, ancestral
lands of Japan, there,
China, the same Uzbekistan, yes, if something
belongs to Russia, it should remain, yes,
preserve as best as possible those peoples
who, that is, as you say, are not
Slavic, yes, races, uh, We should,
as they
say, make them so that they are kinder to us
.  And if Russia is
strong and the Russians there are
really not just on paper, but
as they say, a powerful people, but in
reality.  So what will they
respect?  They love power, they love The thing is
, look, the thing is that
Russia has no choice.  If it wants to
remain a Slavic state, right?
And we need to get rid of this non-Slavic
balas.  All.  In the short term of
10-15 years, there will simply be no competition for a birth rate that is not available
among the Slavic peoples.
Then, it turns out, Russia will
lose itself entirely and become a Muslim
state.  And so we need to get rid of
these problematic regions, yes, make them out of
Moscow, St. Petersburg and that’s it.  Deportation of everyone
in the first, second, third generation.
And from all these Caucasus, jazz and so
on, leave just the
Slavs.  Take the Slavs from Vladivostok,
resettle the Vladivostoks, these Buryatias,
yes, uh, Omsk, Tomsk, resettle the Slavs
to Moscow too.  Why
bring Tajiks to Moscow if Slavs from
Vladivostok can work there?  Let's do it
the other way around, let them come to us from Poland,
and let's restore order here
together.  I'm talking roughly about Bulgaria:
let them come to us.  Let's restore order
together, yes, to Russia.  Then we will come,
yes, to restore order there in Bulgaria, in
Poland together, yes, with the same Bulgarians,
with the Poles.  So you want to
say that we need to somehow
explain to the Pole and the Bulgarian that they should
go and fight in Russia against Kadyrov’s men
when they rise up?  Why fight?
Why fight?  I’m saying that
these, yes, the ones you’re talking about,
Kadyrov’s people, they respect force.  If they
find out that we are the force, yes, they will
quiet down and show themselves as a strong
people, a Slavic people, yes, who are
united.  So, if you in
Russia cannot show Kadyrov
that you are a strong Slavic people, then how do
you want the Poles to show it?  Well, you
say that the Slavs here are diluted.
Let's unite together and create,
as they say, a force that we will first
establish order in one place, for example,
in Russia we will establish order in Poland.
Wait.  Are you really going to
go out in Russia and say something against
Kadyrov?  Really,
if all the people come out, yes, if the Bulgarians
come to us, say, brothers, the
Poles are there, yes, the Ukrainians are the same, yes, they
will extend a hand, yes, not there, uh,
a little bit of their anger towards Russia, there are
ambitions there too, it will be normal, but in general,
you will never in your life
say a word against Kadyrov.  Understood?
Why?  Against.  Why against?
You know, you need to know and
look for an ally in him.  Well, not in Kadyr,
right?  But in something else, yes, Kadyrov is not
right.
Well, you agree that Russia is difficult for
Russians.
Well, this is
somehow nationalism.  And for whom is Russia
then?  For Kadyrov's men.
for all the people,
who, as they
say, are with the king, as they say, at
the head, that is, a reasonable
person.  It’s about the same, yes, I’m
friends with a Georgian, and I can be
friends with him, yes, and he with
me, I can
respect his culture, and he respects mine.  Right?
So, is it possible to live like this?  Yes, I think so.
He will say: "And I have it there in Georgia,
yes, Georgia is not this, damn it, not some
country, yes, that is roughly the imaginary
Slavic country you have, but Georgia? No, in Georgia, let's
go visit me, like before, yes,
that was under the USSR, everything is fine. That
is, to extend our hands to each other. It And
what, And what was about the USSR? About the USSR, everyone
exploited the Russian people. Look,
while the Russians were building for everyone, Georgians,
Ukrainians, Estonians, Kazakhs, they were building everything,
they waited until the Russians
built everything, instead of building for
themselves, and they left the USSR.
Well, remember, yes, the Great
Patriotic War. It was a real Patriotic War
. There, many nationalities
fought against a single enemy.
Now look at what Stalin did. He
took the Slavs, Russians, Ukrainians,
Belarusians, threw them into the furnace of war, right? And
then somewhere else there were others  peoples.
As a result, the Slavs, Ukrainians, Belarusians
and Russians suffered the greatest losses in
World War II. And then
hand out the medals. And hand out the medals to the Asetians.
Give it to the Ossetians, in short, because these
buddies, they were there with this Stalin.  Eh,
who is he?  Isak, in short, something like that.  Musta
still, damn it.  They were given everything.  They all
survived.  Then who in the Soviet Union
brought in all these Shevardnadzes, Mikayans,
Akopyans, Lavrovs and so on.  That's
all.  Do you know why the most Slavs
died there?  Firstly,
you know yourself, yes, Germans, Slavs, Russians, yes,
and Ukrainians, Belarusians, what did
they take them for?  I’m saying this is about the military,
about the soldiers, because Stalin, being not a
Slav, yes, he screwed the Slavs.  He didn’t
abandon the Georgian regiments, it’s true, he
recruited village boys, Slavic ones,
and threw them like that to run for a meat assault.
Well, why?  There were Buryats, there were
Georgians, there were Uzbeks.  How
many Buryats, Georgians, Uzbeks died
in World War II?  Well, it's clear
that it's less.  Because the backbone is the backbone that
was the city-forming people, as I
said, the people are Slavs.
Because when you come to any village
in Ukraine, you see how many monuments there are to those who died in
World War II
, but in Uzbekistan, in Georgia, in
Buryatia, where are all these lists of
Buryats who died in
World War II?  Yeah.
This is a different question, because
this is in comparison with the Buryats, yes, with three
approximately
large Slavic peoples.  Listen,
what do you do for a living?
Security.
In
security?  What are you guarding?   The
clothes are dull.  Well, I mean, like it's in a
civilian store, like, yeah, a
security guard.  Yes.  Yes.  And you wo
n’t even give this to anyone.  If anything happens,
you press a button there and they call, yes, the cops.  Well, yes,
as they say, I have the rights of a scarecrow.  And
you ask like Superman.
Well, yes, like it’s you, it turns out, you,
according to the law, you are private security guards there, yes, it
turns out, or yes, yes.  That means you
can’t even use a weapon, or
even spray it with a can.   It
turns out that I can
only use the sixth rank under certain
conditions.
In short, there's still a lot of responsibility.  You're
supposed to be a ninja there, in short, breaking
all those rowdy ones, yes, but like you have
a lot of restrictions, right?  How much do you
pay?
Few.  How many?  And in 12 hours I
get 3,100 rubles.
In 12 hours 3,100 rubles.  $30 for
Well, yes, $30.
Wait, $30 for 12 hours of work.
So
now you have a 12 hour shift,
right?  12 o'clock, right?  How many days
do you work like this?  Well, it turns out to be somewhere
around, if depending on the month,
there are
16-18, well, and on the 19th, well, on average they
get 50,000 per month.  Cool.  This
comes out to 3,000 rubles in 12 hours.
This means 1,000 rubles for 4 hours
.  comes out in an hour.  No, do you
consider this to be an hour?  Yes, I want to count in an hour
.  That is, again 3,000 rubles.
Yes.  250 rub.  per hour.  Well, yes.  So, well then
now I'm not a mathematician now, yes.  2 from
dollars per hour.  I am a
mathematician 250 rubles.  3,000 / 12
divided by 12,250 equals 258.
Yes.  So that's how 258 3,000 / 12 is
250. Where did they go?  Not 258. Again.  Can you
hear me?  No, I hear.  Yes.   Can
you hear me?
You can hear it.  No.
I hear it's gone from my side, most
likely it's gone.  Yes.  Now we
just need to reboot this, damn it,
we just need to reboot this, damn it, this
roulette.  But it’s
useless, it won’t work
then.  No, not for 1 minute.  Look.
[laughter]
B, but the sound disappeared.  No, how to send it at
the end?  Make it without sound
.  Like, subscribe, please.
Subscribe to my Instagram.  I don’t know
why you are there, why else are you there to
marvel at Face.  Ale for you, one
or three
clicks support me and I will say:
“Wow, I have a lot of followers and I
will be cool,
tune in to my Instagram pop
Andrey.”
Well then.  Let me check you.